Grids AI Assistant: Add How-To Topics (#8819)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TreeList/07 AI Assistant/00 AI Assistant.md

The {WidgetName} AI Assistant allows you to interact with the component using natural language.

> You can use and configure the following TreeList features via AI Assistant Chat prompts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use and configure the following {WidgetName} capabilities via AI Assistant Chat prompts:
```

- [Filtering and Searching](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Filtering_and_Searching/)
- [Sorting](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Sorting/)
- [Paging](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Paging/)
- [Focused Row](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Focused_Row/)
- [Selection](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/)

> - [Column Fixing](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Columns/Column_Fixing/), [Resizing](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Columns/Column_Sizing/), and [Reordering](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Columns/Column_Reordering/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Filter Rows and Search for Text/Values](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Filtering_and_Searching/)
- [Sort Data](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Sorting/)
- [Navigate between Pages](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Paging/)
- [Change Row Focus](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Focused_Row/)
- [Select Rows](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/)
- [Fix](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Columns/Column_Fixing/), [Resize](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Columns/Column_Sizing/), and [Reorder Columns](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Columns/Column_Reordering/)
```
